README.md, before:

# Welcome
Welcome to the Maneki-Neko theme for [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md). This is a learning experience and theme that will (hopefully) someday be on the Obsidian theme gallery.
This theme was made with love to invoke the image of *maneki-neko*, Japanese lucky cat statues. These statues are often found in the entrances of businesses to bring good fortune and luck to the business. They often have a beconing paw raised, inviting prospective customers in to take a look at the business.

# Major Theme Changes
- 2025-08-28
  - made some UI changes for readability
- 2025-08-27
  - broke the theme trying to apply new knowledge
  - fixed the theme by putting rgb and non-rgb values in the right places
- 2025-08-26
  - changed dark theme accent to red
  - added fonts
  - condensed style settings into one tab
  - styled horizontal rule to fade in and out with a cat kaomoji in the middle
  - styled status bar
  - tired to make mobile improvements
    -fixed some UI colors that weren't showing correctly on dark mode
  -began using SASS to compile theme and sorting out different parts of the theme into different `.scss` files
- 2025-08-25
  - coded the basic appearance on desktop for both dark and light mode
  - added limited style settings plugin support
- 2025-08-24
  - added Obsidian template theme to begin theme work

Commit message:

updated README and fixed metabind input field backgrounds

README.md, after:

# Welcome
Welcome to the Maneki-Neko theme for [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md). This is a learning experience and theme that will (hopefully) someday be on the Obsidian theme gallery.
This theme was made with love to invoke the image of *maneki-neko*, Japanese lucky cat statues. These statues are often found in the entrances of businesses to bring good fortune and luck to the business. They often have a beconing paw raised, inviting prospective customers in to take a look at the business.

## Support
If you like this theme, please consider supporting me!
https://ko-fi.com/7eahaus
https://buymeacoffee.com/7eahaus
Any questions or issues should be directed towards the GitHub page (https://github.com/7eahaus/maneki-neko), or you can find me in the Obsidian Members Group Discord (https://discord.gg/obsidianmd). 

Special thanks to all the members of the Obsidian community who have provided feedback and helped me build and test this theme.

# Major Theme Changes
- 2025-08-29
  - fixed MetaBind text input field background color
- 2025-08-28
  - made some UI changes for readability
- 2025-08-27
  - broke the theme trying to apply new knowledge
  - fixed the theme by putting rgb and non-rgb values in the right places
- 2025-08-26
  - changed dark theme accent to red
  - added fonts
  - condensed style settings into one tab
  - styled horizontal rule to fade in and out with a cat kaomoji in the middle
  - styled status bar
  - tired to make mobile improvements
    -fixed some UI colors that weren't showing correctly on dark mode
  -began using SASS to compile theme and sorting out different parts of the theme into different `.scss` files
- 2025-08-25
  - coded the basic appearance on desktop for both dark and light mode
  - added limited style settings plugin support
- 2025-08-24
  - added Obsidian template theme to begin theme work
